Clarification on OEM bloatware (#200)
Microsoft-community/Community-website: src/wiki/common-misconceptions.md

It is commonly thought that Windows is 'bloated' by default and all those pre-installed apps it comes with take up a significant amount of system resources that could be used for other things. This can also apply to system services which people often disable hoping it brings an improvement.

> The improvement is not real, if marginal at best. Uninstalling the pre-installed apps, disabling system services, and messing with the registry will 99% of the time **not** bring you an improvement in performance. Windows does not load up all of those apps in the memory at the same time, only when you use them. Services take up a very insignificant amount of memory and CPU resources, even on a low end machine. And Windows does not access the registry sequentially, meaning that deleting registry keys using dubious third party cleaners such as CCleaner will not bring about an improvement as Windows accesses that key directly&mdash;it is not akin to disk fragmentation, and no improvement will be gained from similarly dubious registry tweaks.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I'm following but what's the point of using `&mdash;` instead of the `-` character?

Author: Uses — (em dash) instead of -, which is technically the correct form here.

Besides, if you are concerned about these things affecting your gaming performance, Windows already has its own 'Game Mode' built in that works quite well at suppressing its background tasks while you play. It's also enabled by default, so you don't need to do anything more.

### OEM Bloatware

While it is recommended to perform a clean install of Windows as the best way to get rid of bloatware, some devices and motherboard manufacturers will automatically re-install these immediately after you finish setup. This practice has seen some controversy, notably the [Lenovo SuperFish vulnerability in 2014](https://support.lenovo.com/us/en/product_security/ps500035-superfish-vulnerability) and [again in 2015](https://www.howtogeek.com/226308/the-windows-platform-binary-table-why-crapware-can-come-back-after-a-clean-install/).

The good news is that these can usually be disabled, with some tradeoffs such as no automatic driver installation or, if any, RGB LED control.

> We've compiled a list of brands and how you can disable it below. That being said, BIOS updates may change these settings, so it is a good idea to double-check occasionally.

Reviewer 2: "We've" feels odd, neutral perspective + grammar fix
```suggestion
A list of brands with OEM bloatware and how you can disable them is compiled below. That being said, BIOS updates may change these settings, so it is a good idea to double-check occasionally.
```

* ASUS / ROG

>   * Armoury Crate: https://www.asus.com/support/faq/1043788/
>   * On some models: *ASUS GRID install service* in BIOS
> * MSI: *MSI Driver Utility Installer* in BIOS
> * ASRock: *Auto Driver Installer* in BIOS
> * Gigabyte: *Gigabyte Utilities Downloader Configuration* in BIOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Armoury Crate: https://www.asus.com/support/faq/1043788/
  * On some models: *ASUS GRID install service* in BIOS.
* MSI: *MSI Driver Utility Installer* in BIOS.
* ASRock: *Auto Driver Installer* in BIOS.
* Gigabyte: *Gigabyte Utilities Downloader Configuration* in BIOS.
```

Reviewer 2: The bullet points aren't full sentences so  depending who you ask it wouldn't be grammatically correct to put periods on them. That said, it is strange one of them has it but not the other.

Author: This might've been a typo. I had this section formatted differently before I settled on this one
